hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so Xiaomi
recently announced their me gaming
laptop and it's a product that I think a
lot of people would be interested in
because well shall we make some really
good stuff for a pretty good price this
is their mean notebook Pro I've done a
review of it really heavy hitter for its
price point we've seen the meet notebook
error also really good product for the
price point so on paper it would seem
like the me gaming laptop would be like
hey you know that sounds pretty cool so
looking at the paper specs and the
photos in the press release are pretty
impressive one of the things that they
do really well is build quality I think
that's like probably their biggest
strength when it comes to what you'd
expect at that price like very few
laptops at that price point are gonna
look like this this is one of the
best-built gaming laptops gonna see at
that price point and looking at the mean
notebook Pro it's just a really well
machined laptop really clean edges the
occasional sharp edge here and there
like on the bottom they didn't do like
the best job with the machining but it's
a really well-built laptop so I expect
the me gaming laptop to be similar their
design is quite unique the hinge looks a
lot like that piston hinge we've seen on
the HP Spectre and I used to have
concerns about that hinge design but
it's actually really good and the design
of this whole me gaming laptop looks
quite simple it's like this muted look
gray slab no red accents no logos the
only xiaomi branding is at the bottom of
the screen kind of like the notebook pro
and it's a good look it's actually one
of the least gamer looking laptops I've
seen which I like the bottom of that
laptop seems to have some kind of like
RGB lighting for some under globe but
aside from that it's nothing crazy on
the exterior the screen on the me gaming
laptop suppose to have a 72% NTSC rating
which is actually the exact same rating
as the one on the me notebook pro and it
might be the same screen a might not I
kind of hope it isn't because this
screen wasn't I mean it's not terrible
but it's not a great gaming laptop
screen so hopefully they change it up a
little bit but the me gaming laptop
supposed to take a lot of build and
design cues from the me notebook probe
which is actually a good thing this
thing had great Dolby Atmos speakers and
I think of the gaming laptop will as
well it's gonna have that good keyboard
layout but this time with RGB and macro
keys and it's gonna be running a Windows
precision trackpad which is always good
to see in any kind of laptop the ports
look pretty good show me does ports well
they kind of stick a whole bunch of
ports onto most of the laptops and for
the most part people are happy they
don't care too much about the whole like
minimalism and stuff like that
performance they're running an i-5
that's comboed with gtx 10:50 TI or the
i7 with the gtx 1060 now that's
obviously going to affect the price but
the thing that's kind of extra cool is
the cooling so Xiaomi is saying that
it's gonna be the coolest high
performance laptop on the market and
honestly I believe them because look at
this thing this was the notebook pro and
despite this thing only having an MX 150
they've designed it well so you can
crank the water really easily now that
thermal performance comes at a cost and
that is as weight so if you look at the
paper specs and you kind of don't look
at the hype it's actually heavier than I
thought it'd be and I think a lot of
that weight comes from that thermal
solution because they're running five
heat pipes and those things are not
light okay the last thing I wanna talk
about is pricing and this is kind of the
most important part of this video xiaomi
products tend to kind of capture the
interest of people in north america and
europe because they tend to be cheaper
than their counterparts and i was
surprised at how expensive the me gaming
laptop is if you look at the pricing of
I guess similarly designed products so
relatively thinner and lighter gaming
laptops that are well built the Xiaomi
me gaming laptop doesn't stick out as
being an amazing value because the
gaming laptop market especially in that
gtx 1050 TI or gtx 1060 segment that's a
very very competitive segment like
you're seeing like 20-30 laptops in that
kind of performance range so pricing
ranging from like 800 bucks to 2,000
bucks at the top end so this shiny
product it's not super cheap it's not
that it's like expensive or anything but
you always take a risk when you're
buying a product like this at least
right now that the brand isn't
represented well in North America or
Europe you kind of have to be in Asia to
obtain this thing so there's a bit of
risk when it comes to buying something
like this and it's just I don't feel
like for most people that live outside
of the Asia market I don't think it's
worth it to really purchase this Xiaomi
gaming laptop it kind of took me for a
surprise I expected it to be cheaper I'm
sure it's a great product and you're
getting really really good build quality
with cool underglow and some really
great thermal performance but when you
kind of look at the grand picture and
you see the other options that are
available it's not that it's a bad
product it's just not nearly as
compelling of a purchase as other
Shami products have been where the price
is just like wow that's so much cheaper
this gaming laptop from Xiaomi mmm I'm
lukewarm about it so I'll probably do a
review when that thing comes in but I
don't think anyone should be
pre-ordering that thing and be like oh
this is like the best value because
quite frankly I don't think it is okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time